welcome to man of steel
crammed with the snyder cut of the
justice league soon coming out
let's take a look back at the main two
dc cinematic universe films that led up
to its events
starting with 2013's grim take on
superman
let's go
we begin on the alien planet of krypton
where the woke jaw
l tries to explain to the council of
elders that mining the core of the
planet is causing an ecological disaster
but he's interrupted by a military coup
led by general zod
who is also sick of seeing the impending
doom of his race
but in a more nazi kind of way and jorel
won't join him
so during the midst of a planet-wide
civil war he makes his escape and dives
into the genesis chamber to steal the
codex the genetic source of all
kryptonian dna that's used to govern the
development of their people
zod also wants it for a more genetically
pure future
so jorel and his wife lara seal the data
away with his naturally newborn son
which just
isn't done anymore on an escape pod
bound for the distant planet of earth
where the radiation from its young son
will make him powerful like a god
compared to the natives
that's us and with his plans thwarted
zod kills jorel
his coup is defeated and so the high
council of inaction
freezes the general and his crew off
into space to go
spend some time out in the phantom zone
and be someone else's problem
except that jorel's initial point above
a planet being overmined doesn't
conveniently go away
and krypton is destroyed by the hubris
of its own people
so over on earth kal-el has grown up and
works off the grid on a fishing rig he's
keeping his alien status quiet but still
feels compelled to use his strength to
help people when he can
let's go back a bit a young clark kent
growing up on earth has a tough
childhood struggling to deal with x-ray
vision hearing everything
and feeling isolated to hide his powers
but his mother martha that name will be
important later is a rock in the storm
but now a little older there's a school
bus crash off a bridge that puts
everyone in danger and the young clerk
acts on instinct to save them even
including the class bully
this type of stuff is making the other
mums ask a lot of questions that the
kent family
tried to play off his dad jonathan
reminds him that they have to keep his
power a secret and that the people will
react with fear if they knew his true
identity
that of an alien baby but crash landed
in a space pod on their farm
so modern day clark continues to keep a
low profile working in a bar and
eavesdropping on military discoveries
but despite
scumbags he does his best to hide his
power although he does use the guy's
truck as a stress ball before moving on
meanwhile in the arctic frontline news
reporter lois lane investigates an
unusual discovery under the eye of
colonel hardy there's something more
than
twenty thousand years old under the ice
and she spots clark
casually strolling over for a look
himself when out for some night
photography
palel heat visions himself straight down
to discover an
ancient kryptonian ship but recognizes
the id
chip his true father left him lois isn't
invited
and stabbed by the security drone but
clark gets there just in time to say hi
and cauterize her internal bleeding
before dropping her off
he then launches the ship out of the ice
to keep it away from prying eyes
unaware that it sent a beacon out into
space turns out that data chip also
stored the persona of his father jorel
who explains that many seed chips were
sent out from old krypton back in the
day to lay the foundations of future
growth
but kryptonian society had changed over
the years with population control and
artificial birth chambers to
predetermine people's roles in society
so now knowing his true heritage clark
puts on the family outfit and begins to
truly test the limits of his strength
learning to focus his efforts and even
be able to fly
meanwhile lois writes about her
experiences for the daily planet but her
editor isn't going to run a story about
aliens and the pentagon is denying
everything
so she turns to the shady world of
online journalism instead
she's keen to find clark and tracks back
through his wandering life connecting
the dots until she finally visits for
kent farm for an interview
the thing is that clark's grown to
believe that the world isn't ready to
know who he truly is to the point that
his father jonathan kent had stopped him
from saving his own life in front of
witnesses when they were caught in a
tornado years ago and so believing the
good in him
lois drops her investigation and her
editor perry white
is glad to hear it because he also
thinks that the news of a godlike alien
wouldn't be good for people but over in
the military general swanik and his team
have just discovered something
mysterious having entered into lunar
orbit
before it drops down into the atmosphere
and makes for headlines sending out a
worldwide broadcast to all nations
explaining that they're not alone
it's general zod he's been on the hunt
for kal-el and the kryptonian codex
since his exile and demands that the
former kryptonian surrender himself to
them or watch
earth suffer the consequences so now the
debate is on
and all of a sudden people do want to
hear about lois's article regarding the
alien man
including the fbi and old general hardy
and so clark has to take a leap of faith
in humanity
he arrives at the us army to demand lois
who never revealed his true identity
is released in return for his surrender
he gets some interview time where she
almost calls him superman and clark lets
everyone know he can see through walls
but
that he's not their enemy he will
surrender himself to zod
in order to save earth so sub-commander
feyora all comes to pick him up but they
want lois as well
and back on their phantom ship zod
extends a welcome but clark is reacting
to the kryptonian atmosphere
and falls sick but zod is still able to
reach his thoughts and explain his
nature
after being sent to the phantom zone for
his attempt to correct the course of
krypton they were freed by the
destruction of their homeworld
and seeking to find more of their kind
on other scout ship worlds they found
only more dead
but did get their hands on a world
builder so good news
zod plans to use the codex data to
rebuild kryptonian society
and he'll use the world builder to do a
hard reformatting of the planet earth
wiping out its current inhabitants but
despite being as weak as a human in
their environment clark won't give up
the codex location he also slipped that
data stick over to lois while they were
being flown over so while in captivity
she plugs it into a terminal and the jaw
l persona stored within it is able to
upload to the ship's mainframe he
returns some of that old earth air into
the system
and helps lois escape the ship and get
back to earth before telling his son he
truly has what it takes to save them all
zod and his goons in the meantime have
popped down to see if the codex is
stored in clark's old baby pod and to
bully his mum
this was a mistake as superman comes in
at 200 miles an hour to repeatedly beat
his face in and crack his armor
exposing him to earth's atmosphere and
he experiences his own supervision and
hearing for the first time
being utterly disorientated by something
that clark has had a lifetime to get
used to
zod is rushed back to his ship while
feyora ul and a big guy
hang back to fight clark while the
military shoots at everyone
putting themselves in danger too despite
superman clearly helping
so they fight hand to hand in an ihop
for a bit before moving into the rest of
town causing
some big time damage the army is still
shooting all of them which by now is
just rude so feora makes short work of
the human military before superman power
punches the big guy into a train yard
just in time to save colonel hardy's
life and as the kryptonians retreat
people finally understand that superman
is not their enemy
zord's science team discovered that the
codex data of their entire race
has in fact been stored in kalel's blood
and they don't need him alive in order
to get it out
so they release for world engine and
just get straight into some hardcore
seismic terraforming down in the indian
ocean and
also over the city of metropolis this is
a slowly expanding destruction level
gravity event as they terraform from
both sides of a planet at the same time
spit-roasting the earth but the jorel
persona has given lois the information
needed to destroy the phantom ship over
the city by using the babypod's engine
core to collide with zod's phantom drive
and destroy it in a singularity so
superman flies round to the other side
of a planet for the world engine
whilst the air force moves in on
metropolis clark
at great cost fires himself into the
world builder
and manages to destroy it getting
knocked out by the blast but bringing
the terraforming to a halt
but as the air force ready for baby pod
to launch it into zod's phantom ship the
gravity field around it is redirecting
the missile fire to blow up civilians
and they have to fly in closer however
zod has grown accustomed to earth
quickly
and after deleting joelle flies that sea
chip from earlier over to intercept them
but superman crashes in declaring
krypton's time is over
and while fending off for relentless
attack of feyora all
who's boarded the plane colonel hardy
wants her at the last moment
to crash it directly into the phantom
drive setting off a singularity that
destroys the ship
and all of zod's men lois however is of
course thrown free at the last second so
that superman can save her from the
gravity implosion
and in the rubble of his failed efforts
zod laments the end of his race
and swears vengeance on humanity he'll
make this planet
suffer general zod is a genetically
developed kryptonian warrior
and he faces superman on more than equal
footing as for god's fight through
metropolis
causing even more collateral destruction
crashing satellites down from space
and repeatedly punching each other
through buildings and eventually zod
forces kalel's hand as he tries to use
his own heat rays to kill more innocent
people
the truth is he'll never stop and
superman breaks his
neck being forced to kill the last of
his own people for the sake of earth
oh my god and so superman visits general
swonick one day to ask him to stop with
all the surveillance drones
confirming that he's just here to help
and martha tells him that his father
jonathan
always knew he was destined for greater
things protecting his secret
until the world was ready and so clark
gets a day job as a reporter so that he
can keep his ear to the ground fooling
everybody with just a pair of glasses
except for lois
so thanks a lot for watching and i
really hope you've enjoyed having the
man of steel
grabbed inside of you these fuller film
summaries are designed to give you a bit
more flavor
than just a one minute quickie so hit
that subscribe button and ring the bell
icon to get notified of the next video
and i'll see you then take care